## Function

Function is a box of codes which make a specific function. Function gets input and returns output. 



### Definition of Function

Definition starts with `def` and ends with `:`.  Next line starts with `4 spaces`, since it will be a block of codes to process the input. 

Function is available to get parameter as an input. 

Function can return output by using `return`

```python
def name(val):
    #how to process val
    output = val
    return output

```



### Output of Function

#### return

As we saw above, function has a return, any type of return is available but one function can return only one object as a return. If a function returns something, python will go back to where the function is called.

```python
defdef my_max(x,y):
    if x>=y : 
        return f'{x} is bigger'
    else:
        return f'{y} is bigger'
def rectangle (width, height):
    Area = width*height
    Round = 2*width + 2*height
    
    return (Area,Round)
# return can be string, tuple, list, dict
```

 



### Input

#### parameter

```python
def func(x):
      return x + 2
```

`x` is a parameter which will be used in the function as a variable. We can see parameters in the definition part of a function.



#### argument

```python
func(2)
```

`2` is an argument which gets into the function. We can see arguments when a function is called. 

 Actually argument and parameter are confusing but they are different in meaning. It is necessary to understand how a function works.



#### Positional Arguments

A function basically determines arguments by  the location(order) of the arguments

#### Default Arguments Values

When a function is called and argument is not entered , function will use the default arguments values. 

```python
#i.g
def greeting(name='tom'):
    return f'hi, {name}!'
greeting() 
# => hi tom!
def greeting(age,name='tom'):
    return f'hi, {name}! you are {age} years old.'
greeting(20)
# => hi tom! you are 20 years old.
def greeting(name='tom', age):
    return f'hi, {name}! you are {age} years old.'
greeting(20)
# error occurs because there is no values for age. So the parameters with Default Arguments Values are after the parameters without it.


```



### Non fixed number of arguments

Functions like `print()`, the number of input arguments are not fixed, need to use `Arbitrary Argument Lists` . Arbitrary Argument List are used as `*args` . Arbitrary Argument List operates as a `tuple`

```python
def func(a, b, *args):
    # *args is normally located in the end of parameters.
    print(type(args))
    for num in args : 
        if num % a ==0 : 
            print(a)
        if num % b ==0 : 
            print(b)
    
```

`**kwargs` make function get arbitrary keyword arguments. They are processed in form of `dict` 





## Function and scope 

Function makes a scope inside the code. Scope means a space and the scopes are separated.  There is 4 scopes in python. `local scope` is made by a function and the other is called `global scope` 

global scope: a scope which is referenced in any codes.

local scope:  a scope made by a function and it is referenced only in the function. 

So in local scope, python can reference codes in global scope. But the vice versa is impossible.

Scope is the territory the codes active in. In small scope, python can use the data in larger scope. There is an order of scope (rule of resolution) which is called `LEGB Rule` 

The upper is with high priority.

 `L`ocal scope:  in a function

`E`nclosed scope: in a function which include a function inside

`G`lobal scope:  data outside a function or modules imported

`B`uilt-in scope:  built-in in a python

So if we declare built in function's name as a variable in global scope, we can no more use the built-in function since python understand that name as a variable.



### life cycle

built-in scope: forever after python is executed

global scope: after module is called or the name is declared , until the interpreter is ended.

local scope: until the function is ended.



## Recursive function

Recursive function is a function that calls itself inside itself. When we build an algorithm, it is very useful to make codes simple and intuitive. Recursive function only can solve the problem which is getting smaller. When making a recursive function, there should be a base case. Base case is the case when the problem is getting smaller and finally reached as a destination. 

When recursive function is called, it will be stacked in the memory. This may occurs an error, stack overflow and make the program slow. Python prevents this by not calling the function no more than 1000 times and finishing the function. 1000 times means maximum recursion depth. 

```python
#for Loop 
def fact(A):
    result = 1
    for num in range(1,A+1):
        result *= num
    return result
fact(5)
# recursion 
def factorial(A) : 
    
    if A == 1 :
        return 1
    #this is base case
    else : 
        return  A* factorial(A-1)
factorial(5)



def fib(n) : 
    if n==1 or n==2 : 
        return 1
    else:
        return fib(n-1) + fib(n-2)
fib(10000)
# stack overflow error occurs 

```

