# Implementation



  Implementation means 'make the algorithm on your brain a source code' in coding test. If you solve any  kind of probs, making source code is always necessary. Actually implementation is included in all kind of problem. 



  When solving Algorithm problem, we read the sentences (or conditions) and think of how to solve it. After we figured out how, it doesn't mean "you passed the problem!". So we need to study python grammar and make a code which fits the problem.



  Implementation problem sometimes means that it is easy to make an algorithm but it is hard to make it a code. When we talk about developing, we think of the person who knows grammar very well and types fast as a physically good person. In this point of view, implementation needs physical. Physical is also important part of coding like you have perfect strategy, but you move your mouse fast to win LOL. 



  What kind of problems need physical? Answer is simple. Algorithm is simple but it has very long codes, needs specific decimal point and parsing. These kind of conditions make  the problem physically hard, which means really toughness to greenies. So we need to make a good physical, I am going to study Brute-Force and Simulation problems.







# Search DFS/BFS



Search means `in huge data, finding what we want` . In programming, Search problem's data set is normally a data structure like graph and tree. There are two representitive algorithms in search, BFS and DFS. We need to know about data structure, especially stack and queue, before studying BFS and DFS. 



Data structure means `Structure to express, administrate and deal with data`. Stack and Queue is consist of two core functions, Push and Pop. Push means `insert data` and Pop means `remove data`. Of course, we need to think of Overflow and Underflow . Overflow occurs when a data structure is already full and trying to push data in it. In other words, it means data overflows out of memory space. On the other hand, Underflow occurs when a data structure is empty and trying to pop data from it. 



### Stack

 

Stack is like a stacking a box. Usually we stack boxes from bottom to top and we need to remove it from top to bottom. This kind of structure is called FILO(First In Last Out) or LIFO(Last In First Out). In python, we doesn't need to import other library to use stack. List's pop() and append() method makes a list as a Stack. append() method basically insert data in the end of list and pop() takes data from the end. 



### Queue 



Queue is like a waiting line. When we wait for something, it would be given in sequence. (No Snatch) This is called FIFO. Queue is also used by list but pop(0) method is really slow and inefficient. It would be better to use `from collections import deque`.  deque object has append() and popleft() method which is faster than pop(0) in list. 





### Recursive Function



To implement DFS and BFS, we need to understand recursive function. Recursive function is a function calling itself. There is maximum recursion depth in python. If we exceeded it, we have to check the algorithm. In recursive function, we need to declare when the recursion is over. Inside a computer, recursive function is conducted by using stack structure. When functions are called again and again, the function called first is finished last. Like computer, many algorithms, like DFS, using stack is simply coded by recursive function. Recursive function is like recurrence relation in mathmatics as you may know in the name. It is also important to Dynamic programming. 